I'm sorry, but errors were detected in your script. Please correct the
errors listed below, and try again.


File "game/script.rpy", line 651: end of line expected.
(Perhaps you left out a " at the end of the first line.)
    """
        scene bg stever double
        play music dorm
    
        a "We made it back home! Hurray!"
               ^
    
        show e laughing at left
        e "You were so cool back there Angie. The way you took no shit -"
        e "Like you were a cool knight fighting a dragon or something."
        e "Hold on - lemme draw a dragon real quick - "
    
        scene bg fantasy
    
        e "Yeah like this is the kind of mean motherfucker I can see you destroying."
    
        a "Wow, thank you Emily. That's really flattering."
    
        e "Except I guess the dragon was like... deepfake you...?"
        e "Hm. Kinda creepy lol."
    
        a "Yeah, it kinda was... I wonder where that came from?"
        a "Who made it, and why? What does it all mean?"
    
        "Is it somehow significant that it was a deepfake of me, and that I had to fight it?"
        "Is there some sort of greater symbolism going on here?"
    
        scene bg stever double
    
        a "I'm sure whatever it is, it doesn't really matter."
    
        show e happy at left
        e "That's true! I'm sure it doesnt really mean anything lol."
    
        a "Yeah it's not that deep."
    
        show e laughing
        e "I'm just glad to be your friend Angie! You're really cool and a total sweetheart!"
    
        a "Awww I'm glad to be your friend too!"
    
        show e happy
        show a happy at right
    
        "The person reading this text is a legend."
    
        hide e happy
        hide a happy
        """

File "game/script.rpy", line 706: end of line expected.
(Perhaps you left out a " at the end of the first line.)
    """
        scene black
        scene bg fuku
        play music dorm
    
        e "Oh HECK yes fuku tea. Finally!"
                ^
    
        show a happy at left
        a "Looks like there are already three people inside and the max capacity is 4..."
        show a laughing
        a "Do you wanna go in first or shall I?"
    
        e "You go ahead, drinks are on ME after all."
        e "Wait wait, I'm so dumb, I have a better idea. Can you order for the both of us?"
    
        a "Sure. What do you want?"
    
        e "Anything's good. Surprise me!"
    
        a "Alright...That gives me a lot to work off of. I'll do my best?"
        show a happy
    
        e "Okay, even if I hate it, I'll still like it! Don't worry man."
    
        a "Okay okay..."
        hide a happy
    
        "Good thing I'm not a picky eater... this way we both get our drinks sooner AND we social distance..."
        "God that was such a pro gamer move... Emily you're so smart, goddamn."
    
        show a happy at left
    
        a "Alright, here you go! Hope you like it ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)!"
    
        e "Yo thanks!"
        "Okay... this is kind of terrible.... but I won't tell her that..."
    
        show a laughing
        a "By the way, thank you so much for stepping up back there..."
        a "I don't know if I could have gotten through fighting that deepfake version of you without you."
    
        e "Yeah that was kind of fucked up wasn't it? Like why was there a giant me?"
    
        show a sad
        a "Hm. Good question... I really don't know."
        a "... I wonder where that came from?"
        a "Who made it, and why? What does it all mean?"
        a "Is it somehow significant that it was a deepfake of you, and that we both had to fight it?"
        a "Alone, we wouldn't have made it, but with our combined strength we overcame it?"
        a "That a false image of you was the one responsible for ruining your day,"
        a "as well as mine... perhaps there's some allegory to be found about personal responsibility..."
        a "and our hand in controlling our own destiny and responses to difficult events..."
        a "Is there some sort of greater symbolism going on here?"
    
        e "I'm sure whatever it is, it doesn't really matter."
    
        show a thinking
        a "True, it's not that deep."
        show a laughing
        a "I'm really glad that I got to hang out with you today! It was so much fun <3"
    
        e "Awwwwwwwwwwww I'm happy you're my friend too!"
    
        show e happy at right
        show a happy
        "The person reading this text is a legend."
    
        hide e happy
        hide a happy
        """

Ren'Py Version: Ren'Py 7.3.5.606
Wed Aug 26 23:02:27 2020
